<h2>7.3 Demonstration</h2>

This is a simple demonstration of the <a href="https://github.com/ixgnoy/CSC4202-Project/blob/main/part_2_algorithm_design/5_algorithm_design/5.4_example.md">example</a> under 5.0 Algorithm Design. Only the food items that have high enough priorities to influence the calculations of the weight are included, the rest are omitted for brevity.

The text file named as order.txt is as below:
```txt
2 1 7 4 ice_cream,steak
0 3 10 10 cold_coffee
1 2 4.5 4 steak
1 3 10 5 cold_coffee
2 3 10 12 cold_coffee
```

The input file is a .txt file that contains information about food orders, and each line represents one order. Each line has five fields, separated by spaces:

   1. Source vertex: This is where the order is currently located.
   2. Destination vertex: This is where the order needs to be delivered.
   3. Displacement: This is the displacement between the Restaurant (vertex 0) and destination vertices. We have this because we are using displacements instead of distances to calculate and determine which order gets delivered first.
   4. Distance: This is the actual distance value between two vertices that are connected by an edge.
   5. Food items: This is a list of food items in the order, separated by commas.

For example, the line 2 1 7 4 ice_cream,steak can be interpreted as:

   1. The order is currently at vertex 2 and needs to be delivered to vertex 1.
   2. The displacement from the Restaurant to vertex 1 is 7 units.
   3. The distance between vertices 2 and 1 is 4 units.
     
The file contains the information your program needs to build the graph (with vertices representing locations and edges representing paths between locations), deliver orders (with orders represented by paths in the graph from the source vertex to the destination vertex), and calculate the weight of each order (with weight being a function of distance and food category) to determine their priority.
