<h2>7.5.2 Time Complexity Analysis</h2>

Since we are implementing our Dijkstra's algorithm with an adjacency matrix, the time complexity doesn't change with the configuration or density of the graph.

Regardless of the graph's shape, the algorithm performs the same operations:

1. Initializing the distances, parents, and visited arrays - O(V)
2. The main loop, which is run V times (once for each vertex) - O(V)
3. Within the main loop, it's calling findNextNode method which runs in O(V) time. It checks all the vertices to find the unvisited node with the minimum distance.
4. Also within the main loop, it checks all neighbors of the current node - O(V)
This gives us a time complexity of O(V^2) in all cases (best, average, and worst).

<h4>Best Case/Big Ω notation (Lower bound):</h4>

This can occur when there is a direct edge from the source node to the destination node. In other words, the graph is such that each iteration of the Dijkstra's algorithm reveals the shortest path to the next unvisited node. This would happen in a graph where all vertices are connected in a line. However, the algorithm does not know this in advance and will still perform all the operations for each vertex in the graph, visiting each node at least once. Thus, the best-case time complexity is still Ω(V^2).

<h4>Average Case/Big Θ notation (Tight bound):</h4>

The Dijkstra's algorithm is likely to perform at a rate somewhere in between worst and best case. However, considering we're usually interested in the worst-case scenario in complexity analysis, and the best case still involves visiting all nodes, we could say that the time complexity is Θ(V^2)

<h4>Worst Case/Big O notation (Upper bound):</h4>

This happens when the graph is a complete graph or in the case where the edge with the shortest distance from the source node leads to the destination node last. The nested loop structure where for every vertex u, we check all other vertices v for whether a shorter path exists through u. In such cases, the algorithm performs the operations for each vertex in the graph, giving a worst-case time complexity of O(V^2).


<h4>Any Future Improvement?</h4>
One thing to note is that the algorithm can actually be improved using PriorityQueue. It's time complexity can be improved to O((V+E) log V) with it by keeping track of the minimum distance node. An optimized version of this algorithm sing using a min-priority queue or a Fibonacci heap can offer better performance for dense graphs.

However, we are not implementing such sophisticated data structure in our program as the field we are covering is primitive and the graphs we are using are rather sparse, which doesn't really work with Priority Queue.

